this is me right now with one month of
recovery ahead of me and only one
functioning head let's rewind 40 hours
room one more thing this isn't for the
faint of heart
[Music]
that I'm dealing with I'm hardly missing
a finger on this hand now I'm covered
with blood I miss there another hold on
I'm tip of my fingers gone this is
bullsh so misty started a fight with
April as I was walking in because it was
dark and I don't know what happened and
then I came up here I went downstairs to
get some stuff to break up the fight I'm
going to reach down to break them up and
somehow or another the tip of my fingers
can you see there's something camera tip
on my finger has been bitten off on the
hand I'm already missing a finger this
is the crazy wife daughter would think
here it is right here here's the
freaking tip of my finger
son of a mother should I put this on ice
what should I do with this the whole
thing has been ripped off I'm so pissed
off there's my only good finger on this
hand this is insane let's go man let's
get some ice and go to the hospital so
they just told me they can't save the
tip of the finger yep
listen another piece of my finger this
feels weird because I could still feel
the tip of my finger but it's not there
man this is crazy
[Music]
unbelievable nervous oh the white thing
in the middle there took off my whole
nail I made the mistake of separating
two German shepherds
and even though I didn't have my hand in
the middle of the action I went to
reposition myself I'd have blanket over
them and one of the dogs went and this
is what you did so pretty much the whole
tip on my finger is gone I'm an
emergency-room right now the only reason
I'm telling you this is so if you have a
dog fight use any other method to
separate them except for a physical
intervention because the physical
intervention is not
this is what can happen to you um let's
see how am I feeling I'm really pissed
off the dog started to fight in the
first place but disappointed that I got
myself in a position to get bit because
I told myself I wouldn't do that again
and also I'm kind of sad that I'm
missing the tip of my finger on the hand
that I'm already missing a finger that
really pisses me off and I'm pissed off
and sad at the same time so this is the
blood they drew there used to be my
finger and now it is in the basin yeah
this sucks
and then on top of that I think the guy
in the next room is dying because he
just caught it so hurts more soaking
there in the betadine and the actual
injury hurts
this sucks big-time sucks so they've now
gave me some morphine so I'd be talking
a little bit differently but they wrap
they clean my finger wasn't it betadine
and they wrapped my finger with zero
God's salt forming gauze and the two
powers as you can see my biggest concern
is my mind
go back oh yeah it's gonna look because
that was my only good finger on that
hand
besides my thumb of course at these two
good fingers and all the nurses are
looking at is really weird came any or
what a camera it's an emergency room
because the first thing I did was get my
camera
and I figure something bad happens to me
at least I can help other people out so
something good comes out of it at least
I'm not missing a piece of my finger for
nothing maybe at least showing you this
I can convince people not to know I can
convince people to think twice before
they get near to fighting dogs and to
German shepherds so a surgeon said that
it's not gonna be a partial amputation
and he's just gonna do a flap and save
the nail bed so I still have my nail and
the nurse seriously she bump boom right
into my
[Music]
here's what he did
how's it look no Charlie get out of here
nobody can get ahold of the doctors that
tube they stuff don't matter over than
less than I throw but this is how it off
me right here so I don't know how it
looks underneath there but he told my
sister that looks pretty good
see how it looks in a few weeks couple
weeks I'll be used and they keep it all
over it so it doesn't get swollen it
doesn't drop all I needed is to call a
doctor tomorrow my pain meds
I'm good to go fine antibiotics
hopefully in a month I'll be back to the
way I was before this whole event
happened just with a shorter finger
enough so I'm now on a hospital
really excited acting very excited
because these are pictures taken up the
recovery of my finger at about every
three days which equal about three
months worth of recovery time now they
told me that this injury would take
about a year to fully recover from
[Music]
everyone tells me I'm crazy for doing
that video but I'll tell you I have had
much worse pain in my life and if it
prevents someone else from getting
injured and the dog fight the way that I
was injured then I didn't lose a body
part for nothing so whatever you do do
not get in the middle of two dogs
fighting throw cinnamon in their face a
stick a bat whatever because at the end
of the day it is not worth it
[Music]
you